---
layout: 	post
number:		25
title:  	Oh, la la!
fact:   	2011-03-26
date:   	2021-11-02
permalink: 	post/oh-la-la
categories: Photography

excerpt: 	In the city of love
info-place: Paris, France
img-name:	ohlala
---

Another of the folders that I had lost among so many photos was the one from the trip to Paris at the beginning of 2011. It was the second time I visited it and I wanted to get to know better the city where I had been for a single day a few years before, when I visited Rouen. This time I was there for three days (the fourth was on the run, very early) and I had time to see relatively everything I had planned to see. 

I must say that despite having beautiful and cozy areas, it is still a great city with nothing special if you take away its old part, the one that has that charm that the cinema makes you believe that the rest has. The truth is that the surroundings of the Eiffel Tower are quite normal, the mythical merry-go-round at its feet is very bland, Amélie's cafeteria –*The Café des 2 Moulins*– is no more than an expensive dive in a dark corner, the Moulin Rouge is on a sidewalk full of fast food restaurants… Let's say glamor has to be searched to be found.

Although it is also true that beautiful areas are really very beautiful. The Eiffel Tower is impressive in itself and even more so if you can climb at sunset. The Sacre Coeur Basilica and the cobbled surroundings, the whole old part of Montmartre, are beautiful and I couldn't tell if I like it more by day or by night. And Notre Dame is worth visiting inside, outside and from above to see all of Paris from the roof.

Even with all the good and bad, if you have not been there, I recommend that you go. I admit that it has happened to me like that same year with London, that afterwards I have discovered that my personal situation at that time did not allow me to enjoy that trip as much as I would right now. I guess I'll be back, but I wouldn't bet on it either.